---
title: 'Evil Dead, the Musical in Charlotte NC & Our Review'
date: '2015-10-26T20:36:17+00:00'
status: publish
permalink: '/?p=230'
aliases : ["/230/"]
author: John
image : "images/imgo.webp"
type: post
id: 230
category:
    - Uncategorized
tag: []
post_format: []
---
I went to awesome show last night in Charlotte, North Carolina with a good friend of mine that I was visiting. It was hysterical. The show was fantastic and didn’t know what to really expect. It was at the Knight Theater and couldn’t ask for a better night. Surprising thing was that one of the stars on the show was a [local piano mover in Charlotte](http://ncpianomovers.com/piano-moving-charlotte), and couldn’t believe that how good he was. The Knight Theater itself was great and enjoyed the refreshments. I would highly recommend you check out Evil Dead the Musical, the synopsis is below.

<iframe allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" frameborder="0" height="450" src="https://www.google.com/maps/embed?pb=!1m18!1m12!1m3!1d3259.2625121482074!2d-80.84994438475361!3d35.224834680303196!2m3!1f0!2f0!3f0!3m2!1i1024!2i768!4f13.1!3m3!1m2!1s0x8856a02eb4645051%3A0x5dd0fd9e6556f1e4!2s430+S+Tryon+St%2C+Charlotte%2C+NC+28202!5e0!3m2!1sen!2sus!4v1445805673005" style="border: 0;" width="600"></iframe>


###### EVIL DEAD THE MUSICAL

Evil Dead – The Musical, the hilarious, record-breaking Canadian musical (created by George Reinblatt, Frank Cipolla, Melissa Morris and Christopher Bond) tells the outrageous story of five college friends spending the weekend in an abandoned cabin in the woods after accidentally unleashing an evil force that turns them all into demons.

The original production, based on the Evil Dead film franchise, opened 12 years ago in Toronto and enjoyed an immensely popular run, with 150 productions eventually presented in cities around the world with sold-out houses and rave reviews from critics.

“Evil Dead – The Musical is the most fun you can have at the theatre. It’s a show everyone loves – even if you don’t love musicals,” said Corey Ross, president of Starvox Entertainment. “Since being called ‘the next Rocky Horror Show’ by The New York Times, the show is primed to tour, so all can enjoy the evil fun.”

Those familiar with Evil Dead – The Musical will remember that audience members sitting in the designated “Splatter Zone” get covered in fake blood as the production incorporates some fun ‘real-life’ effects during certain scenes. In addition to some dismembered limbs, demons telling bad jokes, and catchy tunes (“Look Who’s Evil Now”, “All the Men in My Life Keep Getting Killed by Candarian Demons”), the show features a saucy combination of wit and sexual innuendo that keeps audiences laughing out loud.

<http://charlotte.eventful.com/events/evil-dead-musical-/E0-001-085922162-4>